I think to sum up the last meeting, would be to say the requirements that we've set out. Those are we were going to go for what seemed to be a fairly minimal design based on a small joystick, LCD and a couple of other buttons for navigation with power being I suppose one of the main single purpose buttons. we were also going to use novelty of being able to locate the remote control again via a small transmitter with any luck,. and also because of the minimal design looks like we'll be able to be fairly adventurous in the actual physical shape of our remote control with any luck. This meeting is the conceptual design phase. And is to cover things like what the parts might be made of,,
The case le that's what I wrote first of all, could be plastic our plastic. but later on we found out that it can be rubber as well, or titanium or even wood. we decide what it's gonna be. we need the infra-red transmitter. joystick we'll probably if we're gonna use it, could be plastic or rubber even as well. three different types of batteries. can either use a hand dynamo, or the kinetic type ones, you know that they use in watches, or else a solar powered one.
The bat the battery for a a watch wouldn't require a lot of power, would be my one query. Is a kinetic one going to be able to supply enough power?
And solar cells, I dunno about that. We should probably just use conventional batteries., just like in usual remote controls. And these are three different types of or two different types three different types of shapes you can have. one is a flat one,. and then more original ones are single curved one or one with a double curved. but you can't have a titanium one for a double curved,
The single curved and double curved, would you be able to give an example?
Double curved. It probably means this is probably double curved. whereas a single curved would be like that. it looks better than the single curve,. but you can't have it in titanium,. and for the buttons, it can have the scroll wheel. but it requires a more expensive chip to use,. and if you wanna use LCD it's even more expensive. you have to decide,. there's trade-offs there. if you have a double curve control and it's rubber, then you have these rubber buttons as well. I reckon you're gonna have to have key a number keypad anyway for the amount of channels these days.
Like when we're saying that we'd need an advanced chip for an LCD,. does that in shoot the cost up by a drastic amount? Or? We have to look into the costs of those.
The previous slides just explain what's in the internal components of the remote control. translate the key press into an infra-red signal. and this is received by the TV. And then the next slide just shows how the copper wires interact with the buttons, the rubber buttons, to get sent to the chip.
In the information that you've been supplied, how feasible would you say that the idea of using an LCD looks?
I think we can do it if we use conventional batteries and not have solar cells or kinetic. and then maybe use single curved case.
I'm actually gonna be bold and go oo go straight for rubber for reasons I'll go into in more detail.
I also have a preference for rubber.
I was given a an HTML file giving various ideas from from other previous remote control designs,. and pretty much decided to just dump them all. I wasn't very impressed by them. nothing I saw seemed to meet the sorts of design specifications that we're going for today. rather than looking at other remotes, ra oomp be better to simply look at the human hand. so that if a if so that the finger is each finger or thumb is wherever it needs to be already. and what we've basically decided on was the the the joy the joystick, two function buttons and the LCD,. I don't actually think we need the the numeric keypad. because one of the menus that we could have available via via the LCD is one where you scroll through channels,. You must have two two modes,. basic mode, where the joystick's left right left right for channels, up down for volume,. and the and the menu mode for further functions. now the reason I was particularly interested in using rubber for this is that if we're going to have a highly ergonomic design, it needs to be ergonomic for left or right handed people.
That would suggest the double curved design's probably going to be most appropriate, then.
And also this is a rather nicer de design gimmick that the the you know the whole thing you know it should have sort of organic feel to it. that it should be, you know, soft to touch. the the joystick unit should rest over the the joint of the of the four finger. and it would need there would need to be a it would need to be articulated just below that. so that it could be switched around for left or right handed users. And you then have, at the at the bottom, the LCD,. and this would need to be articulated as well. the the top function button in basic mode would be the on off switch. and menu mode would be the enter button. And then the bottom function buttons switches between between modes. Programming them can be a right pain. So I thought th the simplest way around that would be to have a cable to connect it to the computer. some some fair iv fairly fairly simple software on the computer just so that you on your computer. And you could download programs for it from for T_V_s from all sort of main manufacturers.
We compared whether people want the remote control to do a lot of stuff or they want it to look cool. And then we we research fashion trends in Europe,. we found, in order of importance, people want the remote control to look cool more than they want it to to be cool. As in they want it to do a lot of good s. and if it does do a lot that's a bonus,. but they don't care so much,. Technology technical technologically innovative. People want it to be that,. but still they care more about the way it looks than what it does. like the interface is really important. And easy to use,. it it just so happens that from the second point to the third point is twice as important I mean the second point is twice as important as the third point. The fashion, now this is seems a bit odd to me,. but fruit and veg is the new is the new black for furniture, for clothes, for shoes. How that relates to a remote control I don't know. If it's the type of rubber that you can squeeze, you know, it's spongy, then can I skip the rest?
The rubber material is the type of stress ball material, not just normal rubber.
Kinda spongy material. we want something fancy and techni technologically innovative, obviously. But what we what we need is something that looks like it's from the future. now the fruit and veg options, either we we go in that direction. or we stay totally away from it. but if we're gonna go along with it then it doesn't necessarily have to be like an apple or something like that, or a kiwi fruit. Few questions about a spongy remote control. I've never seen one before. if we want something strong and sturdy, I say stay with plastic or titanium,. but if we go with spongy, we can stress that you can drop this as many times as you want,. I just don't know how the LED and the lights are gonna fit into a spongy material. If we're gonna use spongy material we have to think of how practical it is,. And also, this was this year. things change all the time, every year
Seems like a a lot of the components could be off the shelf,. having the use of the LCD and the joystick would probably allow you to manipulate enough channel numbers
If you've got a lot of channels, the number keypad can be quite annoying as well,
What it looks like to me is we'll use a large number of standard components,,. say something like lithium ion battery,. Looks like we going for a double curved design. I don't know what cost implications there are in that. looks like we're pretty much decided on some kind of flexible rubber. Though I'd have to say depending on how flexible it is, we might need to have some kind of inner frame.
There would be basically two points of articulation. one below and one above the the the main sort of grip.
Do you think there's any way we could maybe remove the articulation? but it could be a weak point in the structure, do you think?
If you then have a sort of outer skin of flexible, spongy rubber then you have something that is you know very much you know
If we take some of the ideas why don't we make the damn thing yellow to incorporate the des the colour of the logo?
Make it harder to lose, as well.
The noise for when you lose the banana, yeah, for when you lose the remote control, it could be like a a monkey noise or something like that, rather than a standard beep beep. y you lose the banana,. you press a button,. and you hear like monkey screams or something like that to direct you towards the banana. I was gonna talk about the programmable remote control. Now I think it'd be cool if you had one remote control that could work with all T_V_s,. you you click a button. and it finds the frequency. that works with your particular television.
E each manufacturer will have a partic will have a particular command set that the TV responds to. But if we had some sort of hook-up to your computer as an option, then if you've got a computer you can avoid that rather irritating thing.
An interesting point is that if the person doesn't have the computer, we can still make the process easier. because instead of having to look up codes, maybe we can have it that one of the options they have is that they look up the name of the company on the LCD. you've got yourself and the Industrial Designer gonna be working quite closely at this stage. looking from prototyping of some des description using clay.
Mo most of the sort of layout design decisions are are made, I would say. but then again, the the menu structure to to a considerable extent that's gonna vary according to the model of television, and also any customisations that the user might wish to incorporate.
Product evaluation, doesn't that come after actually seen a product prototype. At this stage we still have no no target audience
I think the target audience is pretty much anybody under the age of say maybe sixty or something ludicrous. your idea of the USB would I think would largely depend on the cost. USB's definitely one of the cheapest interfaces out there,. The the idea was that maybe it could connect up for allowing a software interface on the PC for a larger programming. programming it to use your TV, you might hook it up to the PC. I'm not sure, but I'm thinking maybe that the additional cost of the USB might be prohibitive. you're gonna look at product evaluation. looks like we're gonna need a maybe a kind of prototype in clay. I think we've got an idea of where we need to go for the next meeting,
They're going with the fashion thing, like the design, spongy rubber.
Though maybe we could have options for colours as well.
So we always need to remember that somewhere we're meant to be getting the slogan on. Possibly I'm think I'm not sure but I'm seeing a little bit of space around maybe the joystick area which could be used..
Like I said before I I think we should have the RR on the on the top function button.